Exercise1:
Q: Look at the code; do you think that MyClass::operator=() is doing a deep or shallow copy?
A: Deep copy because the operator is user-defined to create a new integer pointer that copies "other"'s 
data values, not its memory address. The primitive types and the string are copied by value, meaning that changing them 
won't change "other"'s data members. 

Q: Do you notice any warning posted by the compiler? Is there a memory leak issue? How can you fix it?
A: The compiler has no warnings. There is a memory leak issue in the overloaded operator. To fix the leak, 
the pointer needs to be freed and set to nullptr before copy() can be called. 

Q: Is MyClass::setIp() implemented correctly? What exactly does it do?
A: No, it's not implemented correctly because it changes the value accessed by the pointer, not the pointer itself. 

Exercise3:
Q: Look at the code in IteratorTest.cpp. What do you think it does? 
Compile the code (do you need to do anything "unusual" to get it to compile?) and run it. Does it do what you think it would?
A: I think the .cpp file initializes the iterator to start at the beginning of mc's 2D array, then iterates to the end. It sets each
element until that point with i's value. Next, a new iterator is initialized in a for loop, also starting at the beginning 
and going until it reaches the end. For each element, the iterator is dereferenced, and the contents of that element are printed out.

In order to compile the code, "#pragma once" or "#ifndef...", "#define...", and "#endif" need to be declared, although the compiler throws a warning
if "#pragma once" is used. 

IteratorTest.cpp runs basically as I described, except I neglected to mention that it prints a new line after printing an element's contents. 

Q: Why do the iterator increment operators return an iterator? How do the two increment operators differ? 
Is the iterator they return allocated dynamically, auto, or something else?
A: The increment oeprators return an iterator because it contains the index location of the 2D array, so returning it, especially by dereferencing,
makes the iterator act like a pointer and thus allows accesss into that array. The 2 increment operators differ in that prefix one updates the iterator's
location before returning it, while the postfix one, though also updating the iterator's location, returns the location before the update. 
Both prefixes are returning a copy of the iterator, as declared in the .h file, and because neither overload contains a reference as their return type. 

Q: Change SquareContainer::iterator::operator*() so that it is a const method. What is this supposed to mean? 
What happens when you try to compile and run the program? Does this appear to be consistent with the declaration of that operator as const? 
Why or why not? In your opinion, should that operator be declared const?
A: SquareContainer::iterator::operator*() becoming a const method means that its return type is now a reference to a constant value. 
There are no problems compiling the program, but it won't run because in the IteratorTest.cpp file, the first loop is trying to change the value
accessed by an iterator using the dereferencing operator. This is a problem because the value is now constant thanks to the dereferencing operator, so it 
can't be changed and also remains consistent with the operator's delcaration being const. I don't believe that operator should be delcared const because
one of the major points of dereferncing is to modify that element. const would defeat the purpose of that operator. Instead, the iterator should be 
overloaded as a constant for read-only operations. 